Update Build and Deploy HoloLens Guidance Doc (#7888)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/BuildAndDeploy.md

## Building and deploying MRTK to HoloLens 1 and HoloLens 2 (UWP)

Instructions on how to build and deploy for HoloLens 1 and HoloLens 2 (UWP) can be found at [building your application to device](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/mrlearning-base-ch1#build-your-application-to-your-device).

> >[!IMPORTANT]
> > If using Unity 2019.3.x, select **ARM64** and not **ARM** as the build architecture in Visual Studio. By defalut in Unity 2019.3.x, a MRTK app will not deploy to a HoloLens if ARM is selected.  
> >
> > If the ARM architecture is required, navigate to **Edit > Project Settings, Player**, under the **Other Settings** menu disable **Graphics Jobs**.  Disabling **Graphics Jobs** will allow the app to deploy using the ARM build architecture for Unity 2019.3.x, but ARM64 is reccomended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>[!IMPORTANT]
> If using Unity 2019.3.x, select **ARM64** and not **ARM** as the build architecture in Visual Studio. With the default Unity settings in Unity 2019.3.x, a Unity app will not deploy to a HoloLens if ARM is selected due to a Unity bug. This can be tracked on [Unity's issue tracker](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/enabling-graphics-jobs-in-2019-dot-3-x-results-in-a-crash-or-nothing-rendering-on-hololens-2).
>
> If the ARM architecture is required, navigate to **Edit > Project Settings, Player**, and under the **Other Settings** menu disable **Graphics Jobs**. Disabling **Graphics Jobs** will allow the app to deploy using the ARM build architecture for Unity 2019.3.x, but ARM64 is recommended.
```
